Improve troubleshooting documentation (#159)
PrefectHQ/server: helm/prefect-server/README.md

When the Helm chart is published to a chart repository, we will pin the version for you.

> ##  Connecting to your Server
> 

Reviewer: Just a brief summary of what's going on
```suggestion
##  Connecting to your Server

When you run `prefect backend server`, it configures the CLI to expect Server interactions rather than Prefect Cloud. By default, the CLI looks for the Server API at `localhost`. To connect the CLI to your newly deployed server, you'll either need to point the CLI to an external IP or forward the service to `localhost`
```

### Configure `prefect` to point to your service

To designate your local `prefect` to point to the Kubernetes server, 
you can change the host in the user configuration file `~/.prefect/config.toml`.

```
[server]
  host = "http://<EXTERNAL-IP>"
  [server.ui]
    apollo_url="http://<EXTERNAL-IP>:4200/graphql"
```

> Run `kubectl get services --namespace <namespace>` to obtain the Apollo GraphQL external ip.

Reviewer: Just don't want to get mixed up with the graphql service
```suggestion
Run `kubectl get services --namespace <namespace>` to obtain the Apollo API external ip address.
```

To review the configuration file run `prefect config`.
 
### Forward your service to localhost 

Alternatively, you can port-forward the apollo service to your localhost 
`kubectl port-forward svc/<APOLO-SERVICE> 4200:4200 -n <namespace>`. 

## Troubleshooting

### The UI loads but the dashboard is blank

If you go to the 'Home' page it will likely direct you to create a tenant. Without a tenant, the dashboard cannot display.
Run `prefect backend server && prefect server create-tenant --name default --slug default` to create a default tenant.

> Checkout the section [Connecting to your Server](#connecting-to-your-server) to connect your local `prefect` to your server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Connecting to your Server](#connecting-to-your-server) to connect your local `prefect` to your server before creating the tenant.
```
